
//Items
item.air_star.name=Air Star
item.blaze_stick.name=Blaze Stick
item.blood_eye.name=Blood Eye
item.blood_drop.name=Blood Drop
item.blood_extractor.name=Blood Extractor
item.blood_ingot.name=Blood Ingot
item.blood_ingot_alloy.name=Blood Ingot Alloy
item.corrupted_syringe.name=Corrupted Syringe
item.crushed_ender_pearl.name=Crushed Ender Pearl
item.crushed_nether_star.name=Crushed Nether Star
item.crushed_obsidian.name=Crushed Obsidian
item.crusher_base_hammer.name=Crusher Base Hammer
item.diamond_dust.name=Diamond Dust
item.earth_star.name=Earth Star
item.emerald_dust.name=Emerald Dust
item.empty_syringe.name=Empty Syringe
item.ender_mortar_and_pestle.name=Ender Mortar and Pestle
item.ender_obsidian_alloy.name=Ender Obsidian Alloy
item.ender_obsidian_ingot.name=Ender Obsidian Ingot
item.ender_obsidian_hammer.name=Ender Obsidian Hammer
item.ender_pearl_dust.name=Ender Pearl Dust
item.ender_star.name=Ender Star
item.ender_stick.name=Ender Stick
item.equilibrium_star.name=Equilibrium Star
item.felrin_dust.name=Felrin Dust
item.felrin_ingot.name=Felrin Ingot
item.felrin_nugget.name=Felrin Nugget
item.fire_star.name=Fire Star
item.flint_ingot.name=Flint Ingot
item.granite_mortar_and_pestle.name=Granite Mortar and Pestle
item.granite_stick.name=Granite Stick
item.iron_stick.name=Iron Stick
item.lunar_gem.name=Lunar Gem
item.nether_star_dust.name=Nether Star Dust
item.obsidian_dust.name=Obsidian Dust
item.solar_gem.name=Solar Gem
item.soulite_ingot.name=Soulite Ingot
item.soulite_stick.name=Soulite Stick
item.sticky_wither_meal.name=Sticky Wither Meal
item.stone_mortar_and_pestle.name=Stone Mortar and Pestle
item.water_star.name=Water Star
item.wither_brick_ingot.name=Wither Brick Ingot
item.wither_clay.name=Wither Clay
item.wither_skull_dust.name=Wither Skull Dust
item.wither_stick.name=Wither Stick
item.withered_bone.name=Withered Bone
item.withered_star_dust.name=Withered Star Dust
item.wood_stick.name=Wood Stick
item.ponium_gem.name=Ponium Gem
item.angelite_gem.name=Angelite Gem
item.resin.name=Resin
item.amber_gem.name=Amber Gem
item.aventurine_gem.name=Aventurine Gem



//Blocks
tile.blood_block.name=Blood Block
tile.binded_stone_block.name=Binded Stone Block
tile.compressed_stone_block.name=Compressed Stone Block
tile.felrin_block.name=Felrin Block
tile.flint_block.name=Flint Block
tile.lunar_block.name=Lunar Block
tile.solar_block.name=Solar Block
tile.soulite_block.name=Soulite Block
tile.wither_brick_block.name=Wither Brick Block
tile.wither_clay_block.name=Wither Clay Block
tile.ponium_block.name=Ponium Block
tile.amber_block.name=Amber Block
tile.lava_walker_block.name=Lava Walker Block
tile.water_walker_block.name=Water Walker Block


tile.resin_pine_planks.name=Resin Pine Planks
tile.resin_pine_log.name=Resin Pine Log
tile.resin_pine_leaves.name=Resin Pine Leaves
tile.resin_pine_sapling.name=Resin Pine Sapling

//Tools
item.felrin_blade.name=Felrin Blade
item.felrin_shovel.name=Felrin Shovel
item.felrin_pickaxe.name=Felrin Pickaxe
item.felrin_axe.name=Felrin Axe
item.felrin_hoe.name=Felrin Hoe
item.soulite_hoe.name=Soulite Hoe
item.soulite_pickaxe.name=Soulite Pickaxe
item.soulite_axe.name=Soulite Axe
item.soulite_shovel.name=Soulite Shovel
item.soulite_blade.name=Soulite Blade
item.golden_blade.name=Golden Blade
item.diamond_blade.name=Diamond Blade
item.iron_blade.name=Iron Blade
item.stone_blade.name=Stone Blade
item.skull_blade.name=Skull Blade
item.wood_blade.name=Wood Blade
item.blood_blade.name=Blood Blade
item.dragon_blade.name=Dragon Blade
item.eclipse_blade.name=Eclipse Blade
item.enchanted_ender_blade.name=Enchanted Ender Blade
item.ender_blade.name=Ender Blade
item.lunar_blade.name=Lunar Blade
item.solar_blade.name=Solar Blade
item.quartz_blade.name=Quartz Blade
item.zombie_arm.name=Zombie Arm
item.wither_blade.name=Wither Blade



//Staff
item.wither_staff.name=Wither Staff


//Armors
item.blood_helmet.name=Blood Helmet
item.blood_chestplate.name=Blood Chestplate
item.blood_leggings.name=Blood Leggings
item.blood_boots.name=Blood Boots

item.felrin_helmet.name=Felrin Helmet
item.felrin_chestplate.name=Felrin Chestplate
item.felrin_leggings.name=Felrin Leggings
item.felrin_boots.name=Felrin Boots
item.enchanted_felrin_boots.name=Enchanted Felrin Boots

item.soulite_helmet.name=Soulite Helmet
item.soulite_chestplate.name=Soulite Chestplate
item.soulite_leggings.name=Soulite Leggings
item.soulite_boots.name=Soulite Boots
item.enchanted_soulite_boots.name=Enchanted Soulite Boots

item.flint_helmet.name=Flint Helmet
item.flint_chestplate.name=Flint Chestplate
item.flint_leggings.name=Flint Leggings
item.flint_boots.name=Flint Boots

item.bone_helmet.name=Bone Helmet
item.bone_chestplate.name=Bone Chestplate
item.bone_leggings.name=Bone Leggings
item.bone_boots.name=Bone Boots

item.wither_helmet.name=Wither Helmet
item.wither_chestplate.name=Wither Chestplate
item.wither_leggings.name=Wither Leggings
item.wither_boots.name=Wither Boots




//Ores
tile.angelite_ore.name=Angelite Ore
tile.obsidian_aventurine_ore.name=Aventurine Obsidian Ore
tile.obsidian_ponium_ore.name=Ponium Obsidian Ore
tile.netherrack_aventurine_ore.name=Aventurine Netherrack Ore
tile.netherrack_ponium_ore.name=Ponium Netherrack Ore
tile.endstone_aventurine_ore.name=Aventurine Endstone Ore
tile.endstone_ponium_ore.name=Ponium Endstone Ore

//Tabs
itemGroup.ethalitems=Ethal Items
itemGroup.ethalblocks=Ethal Blocks
itemGroup.ethaltools=Ethal Tools


//Enchantments
enchantment.anti_wither_effect=Anti Wither Effect
enchantment.lava_walking=Lava Walking
enchantment.water_walker=Water Walker